ROTHSCHILD
-
Establishment of the New
World Order Empire

Are you ready for modern slavery?
You will only be content with what the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild gives you.
You will be forced to live in the order that the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild will
establish.
You will never see the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, and you will not be able to
reach him even if you wanted to.
He will make you accept his order by defending human values, but he will not even see you
as a human being.
According to the plan of the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, you will soon say
"Hello!" to the Rothschild Empire in the new world order.
Maybe not you, but your children and grandchildren will become (modern) slaves of the
Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
All that will happen cannot be stopped or prevented.
The great emperor of the New World Order will be Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
Pay Allegiance!


Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and Technology
The Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild owns the works of Nikola Tesla.
While some of these studies have contributed to the world at certain time intervals in the
recent past, they have developed some of them in their own organisation.
In addition to having many advanced technological possibilities, we will talk about two
technologies that will stand out in the rise of the empire.

Intelligence Satellites
Thanks to these satellites, the control of which is in the hands of the Great Emperor
Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, they have the opportunity to access all kinds of information
about individuals, institutions, companies and states by creating a magnetic field that will
cover the whole world.
This technology can be thought of as a wireless network covering the whole world in order
to simplify it even more.
Data on computers, portable hard discs, CDs and all other storage devices can be easily
accessed.
The tracking system used through these satellites is so advanced that if you are not in a leadlined room or if the outer material of the environment you are in does not have the
possibility of reflecting the magnetic field, such as the technology of ghost planes, all kinds of
movements can be detected by focusing on body temperature and all sounds in the
environment can be listened to.
In addition, all images reflected from reflective objects such as mirrors, glass, etc. can be
accessed and these images can be recorded moment by moment.

Tesla Shield
This technology was created and then developed by applying Tesla's magnetic field to a
specific region.
Thanks to the Tesla shield, it is a shield that will instantly disintegrate the creature that will
approach the area and does not have any visibility.
It is a modified and improved version of the Iron Dome.
Thus, any attack attempt against the area where the shield technology is applied is
completely unsuccessful.
Since no one is yet aware of the existence of this technology, it is planned that the shield will
cause some deaths when the plan is put into practice.

Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and Money
The Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild has a good command of monetary balances
due to his family profession as a banker. They introduce themselves as the "Emperors of
Money" in the books they have already published about themselves.
They lend money to countries at high interest rates.
Besides, they are closely interested in the foreign exchange balances of the countries.
Money is only necessary to make a name for themselves and to lend money to countries
during the establishment phase of the empire.
Because, in the foundation stages of the empire to be built, they will use money to transition
to a global liberal economy.
The importance of money will be understood more clearly in the following sections.

Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and Gold
For the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, gold was of great importance in the
establishment of the empire.
Although they are known to work on metallic metals, they have been mining gold all over
the world through Rothschild Co. and other shell companies.
See also
In the recent past, by preventing NASA from exploring the oceans, they have been able to
detect even the gold in sunken pirate ships in the oceans through Tesla projects.
Thanks to the satellite system they have established, they are able to detect all the gold
assets available on earth by focussing the magnetic field on the gold frequency.
The global price of gold is directly monopolised by the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip
Rothschild.
The empire to be established will be the empire of gold.
After the 1st World War, they imposed the International Gold Standard on the world.
Stockpiling gold for more than a hundred years, the Rothschilds have an estimated gold
reserve of 1-1.5 million tonnes.
This reserve amount will be announced to the world through the Rothschild Co. on the
instructions of the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.

Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and the Media
The Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild dominates all written, oral, visual and
interactive media channels.
It should be known that he has brought the art of manipulation to nirvana from past to
present. So much so that he has the ability to impose any kind of thought he wants to reflect
and impose.
Media channels have been used from the past to the present and will be necessary to
announce the developments to the whole world during the rise of the empire.

Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and Good Relations
There are three important relationships that are important for the Great Emperor Nathaniel
Philip Rothschild. These relationships were established within global plans.
By telling these people in various ways about what was done during the establishment phase
of the empire, he gained their trust and gave the impression that what was done was not
actually done for the empire, but for the wishes of these people.
Everyone thinks that what was done in the preparatory phase was not for the final
Rothschild Empire, but in accordance with their own plans.
However, the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild knew very well that none of the
plans of the people with whom he had good relations would be realised. Because while
making preparations, he did not neglect to work in the background on the failure of these
plans to be realised.
In the preparatory phase of the establishment of the Empire, it is a necessity that these good
and strong relationships remain constant.
These people will soon come to the conclusion that their plans cannot be realised.
After their death, the final rise will begin step by step.

The Foundation of the Rothschild Empire
In the near future, world history will witness the fall of the last remaining kingdoms and the
rise of an empire. The great emperor of the new world order will be Nathaniel Philip
Rothschild.
As it has been worked on from past to present, this rise will be unstoppable and
unstoppable.
Of course, the Grand Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild knows the technical details much
better. However, here we will briefly explain step by step how he will reach the empire.

Preparation Phase
Various preparations have been made for the beginning of the rise of the Empire, and work
in this direction is still continuing.
These works have started by encouraging the peoples of the world through various channels
such as films, series, news, etc. to money and the level of wealth that most of them cannot
reach.
Socialist constitutions have been prepared and socialist-looking states have been created.
However, it was ensured that capitalist activities continued to exist at the highest level.
By distancing people from each other as much as possible, human relations were destroyed
and people were accustomed to liberal principles of life.
The power of many countries is under the command of Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, and the
understanding of the social state in these countries has been limited to social assistance that
actually serves liberalism.
The production levels of these countries within the state have been reduced as much as
possible.
The private sector has come to the fore in production.
The fact that these countries have a socialist constitution and form of government is of great
importance for maintaining good relations.
But more importantly,
The Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild, with his superior intelligence, predicted the
next moves and prepared the governments after the current government administrations
within the countries.
In the following process, these governments will come to power and the rise of the empire
will begin.
The existence of opposing political structures was created by putting forward the existence
of existing good relations and the plans arising from these relations.

Global Liberalism
In the second stage, most of the governments will be changed and leaders who will accept
liberal principles and increase foreign borrowing - under the control of the Great Emperor
Nathaniel Philip Rothschild - will be brought to power.
This will be achieved through democracy in many countries, while in some countries the
transition to the new order will be achieved by revealing the secrets of politicians.
Afterwards, high-interest loans will be provided to these countries, as has been the case in
Turkey for 22 years.
In this way, the people in these countries will become more accustomed to money and
transition from the already existing liberal life principles to full liberalism will be ensured.
In this way, liberalism will be globalised, it will not matter whether the constitutions of the
countries are socialist or not, and global liberalism will come into being after the destruction
of the social state principle in all countries.
The details of this issue have been meticulously prepared by the Great Emperor Nathaniel
Philip Rothschild and the preparations have been completed to a great extent.

The Most Powerful Company Rothschild Co.
This would be the beginning of the rise of the Empire. As the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip
Rothschild told his close circle, "The revolution will start from America", the first step will be
the struggle between the giant companies in America.
At this stage, the trade secrets of these companies, which have been seized by Nathaniel
Philip Rothschild, will be disclosed one by one, and the share prices will be made to be on
the floor.
This struggle, which will be given the appearance of having started among the big companies
in America, will then be shifted to the companies in England.
Rothschild Co. will be included in this struggle with the disclosure of a simple trade secret.
However, this situation will not affect Rothschild Co. too much and Rothschild Co. will be the
only company to survive.
Thus, the whole world will hear the name of Rothschild.
In addition, it will be announced to the whole world that Rothschild Co. and its affiliated
shell companies carry out advanced studies on gold, food, medicine and energy.
This stage will be the first victory of the Rothschild name to be announced to the world.
After this stage, people will learn how powerful a brand the Rothschild surname is.
The name Rothschild will start to be pronounced frequently among people and it will be
explained that all countries are indebted to them.

Gold Crisis
At this stage, a decline in the price of gold will be ensured by the instructions of the Great
Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
After the idea that gold is a safe investment instrument was instilled in people due to its
continuous rise in the recent past, the gold in the market will be collected by the Great
Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild with this decline.
In addition, the gold in the central banks of the countries will be mortgaged due to debts and
put into the coffers of the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
Since the gold of the countries is mortgaged, the currencies of the countries will not fall at
this stage.
After that, it will be announced that the debts will be justified and the gold will be
confiscated.
The gold price will rise again and the value of all currencies will be reset against gold.
Economies will collapse with the rise of gold against currencies. All factories that are not
under the direct patronage of the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild will stop
production.
States will not be able to resist against gold and will resort to printing money. After a while,
they will become unable to pay even their employees.
The rising value of gold will cause a major crisis.
After that, people will start to attack and plunder places with gold in desperation.
Places such as the Royal Palace of England and the Arab Royal Palace, which enjoy exhibiting
their gold, will be plundered.

Immunity
At this stage, people will attack the Rothschild Mansion in desperation for gold.
However, since Rothschild Manor is protected by the Tesla shield, the attacking people will
be destroyed.
These attacks will continue for a while and people will be made to accept that they cannot
attack and harm the Rothschild Mansion in desperation.
This will be the stage in which the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild will be
recognised by the world as untouchable and inaccessible.

Desperation of Governments
At this stage, governments that are unable to pay the salaries of even state officials will be
helpless and trust in states will disappear.
Although some governments will try to transition back to a production economy, they will
face a seed crisis and will be inadequate.
With the helplessness of the country's governments in the face of the rise of gold, all eyes in
the world will turn to Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.

Food, Energy and Medicine Crisis
With the end of the social state understanding and the transition to a liberal economy, the
governments of the countries will be in great trouble after the gold crisis.
Countries will not be able to meet the basic food needs of their citizens.
Fully privatised energy companies will stop supplying energy under the pretext of rising
energy prices.
Pharmaceutical companies will cease to operate and patients in need of medicines will not
be able to obtain them.
In this way, people's faith in states and governments will be zeroed.
States will collapse and governments will fall one by one.

Absolute Rothschild Dominance - Obey!
In the final stage, each individual will be made to accept that the Great Emperor Nathaniel
Philip Rothschild is superior to all states and powers, that he is inaccessible and untouchable,
that he is stronger than everyone.
People who are completely focused on consumption will find the remedy to swear allegiance
to the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild because they are far away from productive
work.

New World Order
According to a story told by the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild; "In ancient times
in India, baby elephants were trapped and made to fall into a pit. Elephant trainers would
come in black clothes without showing their faces, starve the elephants for days and torture
them with violence. Afterwards, the same people would open their faces in white clothes
and rescue those elephants from the pit they fell into and bandage their wounds. In this
way, the baby elephants would think that these people were their saviours and would pay
allegiance to them for the rest of their lives."
The conclusion to be drawn from this story is this.
The food, medicine and energy crisis to be experienced all over the world will be solved by
the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
After that, people will be helped and order will be restored by the people who are under the
patronage of the Great Emperor Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and who work just like the state
status.
Thus, the Great Emperor of the world will be Nathaniel Philip Rothschild.
You can bow in front of him already!
